CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing to FortiGate Device Inventory Dashboard

First off, thank you for considering contributing to this project! This dashboard is designed to help NOC teams manage FortiGate inventories more effectively.

## How to Contribute

### Reporting Bugs

If you find a bug, please create an issue with:
- A clear, descriptive title
- Steps to reproduce the issue
- Expected behavior vs actual behavior
- Browser and version information
- Screenshots if applicable

### Suggesting Enhancements

Enhancement suggestions are welcome! Please include:
- A clear description of the enhancement
- Why this enhancement would be useful
- Example use cases
- Any implementation ideas you have

### Pull Requests

1. **Fork the repository** and create your branch from `main`
   ```bash
   git checkout -b feature/your-feature-name
   ```

2. **Make your changes**
   - Follow the existing code style
   - Add comments for complex logic
   - Test your changes thoroughly

3. **Test across browsers**
   - Chrome/Edge
   - Firefox
   - Safari (if possible)

4. **Commit your changes**
   ```bash
   git commit -m "Add: Brief description of your changes"
   ```

5. **Push to your fork**
   ```bash
   git push origin feature/your-feature-name
   ```

6. **Open a Pull Request**
   - Provide a clear description of the changes
   - Reference any related issues
   - Include screenshots for UI changes

## Development Guidelines

### Code Style

- **JavaScript**: Use ES6+ features where appropriate
- **Indentation**: Use 4 spaces (not tabs)
- **Comments**: Add comments for non-obvious code
- **Functions**: Keep functions focused and small
- **Variables**: Use descriptive names

### HTML/CSS

- Maintain semantic HTML structure
- Keep CSS organized by component
- Use CSS variables for colors and common values
- Ensure responsive design principles are followed

### Testing Checklist

Before submitting a PR, ensure:
- [ ] Code works in Chrome, Firefox, and Safari
- [ ] Responsive design works on mobile devices
- [ ] Dark mode styling is consistent
- [ ] Export functions work correctly
- [ ] Search and filtering remain performant
- [ ] No console errors or warnings
- [ ] Analytics charts render correctly

### Feature Ideas Welcome

Some areas where contributions would be especially valuable:
- Additional export formats
- More analytics visualizations
- Performance optimizations for large datasets
- Accessibility improvements
- Internationalization/localization
- Mobile app wrapper
- Offline support
- Data import wizards
- Custom theming support

## Code of Conduct

### Our Standards

- Be respectful and inclusive
- Welcome newcomers and help them learn
- Focus on what is best for the community
- Show empathy towards others
- Accept constructive criticism gracefully

### Unacceptable Behavior

- Harassment or discriminatory language
- Trolling or insulting comments
- Personal or political attacks
- Publishing others' private information
- Other conduct which could reasonably be considered inappropriate

## Questions?

Feel free to reach out:
- **Email**: Miguel@netsudo.com
- **Issues**: Open a GitHub issue with the "question" label

## License

By contributing, you agree that your contributions will be licensed under the MIT License.

---

**Thank you for contributing to making network operations easier!**

Commit message:

Rebrand to NetAssets - Network Device Inventory Dashboard
Major rebranding from FortiGate-specific to multi-vendor platform:

Branding Changes:
- New name: NetAssets (professional, memorable, marketable)
- Updated tagline: Network Device Inventory Dashboard
- Expanded scope: FortiGate, Cisco, Palo Alto, and other vendors

Updated Files:
- index.html: All references, meta tags, export filenames
- README.md: Complete documentation update with multi-vendor focus
- CONTRIBUTING.md: Updated project name
- QUICK_START.txt: Deployment guide with new branding

Features Highlighted:
- Multi-vendor support emphasized
- Import functionality documented
- GitHub repository links updated
- More generic, scalable positioning

This positions NetAssets as a professional NOC tool for managing
network device inventories across any vendor platform.

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to NetAssets

First off, thank you for considering contributing to this project! NetAssets is designed to help NOC teams manage network device inventories more effectively across multiple vendors and platforms.

## How to Contribute

### Reporting Bugs

If you find a bug, please create an issue with:
- A clear, descriptive title
- Steps to reproduce the issue
- Expected behavior vs actual behavior
- Browser and version information
- Screenshots if applicable

### Suggesting Enhancements

Enhancement suggestions are welcome! Please include:
- A clear description of the enhancement
- Why this enhancement would be useful
- Example use cases
- Any implementation ideas you have

### Pull Requests

1. **Fork the repository** and create your branch from `main`
   ```bash
   git checkout -b feature/your-feature-name
   ```

2. **Make your changes**
   - Follow the existing code style
   - Add comments for complex logic
   - Test your changes thoroughly

3. **Test across browsers**
   - Chrome/Edge
   - Firefox
   - Safari (if possible)

4. **Commit your changes**
   ```bash
   git commit -m "Add: Brief description of your changes"
   ```

5. **Push to your fork**
   ```bash
   git push origin feature/your-feature-name
   ```

6. **Open a Pull Request**
   - Provide a clear description of the changes
   - Reference any related issues
   - Include screenshots for UI changes

## Development Guidelines

### Code Style

- **JavaScript**: Use ES6+ features where appropriate
- **Indentation**: Use 4 spaces (not tabs)
- **Comments**: Add comments for non-obvious code
- **Functions**: Keep functions focused and small
- **Variables**: Use descriptive names

### HTML/CSS

- Maintain semantic HTML structure
- Keep CSS organized by component
- Use CSS variables for colors and common values
- Ensure responsive design principles are followed

### Testing Checklist

Before submitting a PR, ensure:
- [ ] Code works in Chrome, Firefox, and Safari
- [ ] Responsive design works on mobile devices
- [ ] Dark mode styling is consistent
- [ ] Export functions work correctly
- [ ] Search and filtering remain performant
- [ ] No console errors or warnings
- [ ] Analytics charts render correctly

### Feature Ideas Welcome

Some areas where contributions would be especially valuable:
- Additional export formats
- More analytics visualizations
- Performance optimizations for large datasets
- Accessibility improvements
- Internationalization/localization
- Mobile app wrapper
- Offline support
- Data import wizards
- Custom theming support

## Code of Conduct

### Our Standards

- Be respectful and inclusive
- Welcome newcomers and help them learn
- Focus on what is best for the community
- Show empathy towards others
- Accept constructive criticism gracefully

### Unacceptable Behavior

- Harassment or discriminatory language
- Trolling or insulting comments
- Personal or political attacks
- Publishing others' private information
- Other conduct which could reasonably be considered inappropriate

## Questions?

Feel free to reach out:
- **Email**: Miguel@netsudo.com
- **Issues**: Open a GitHub issue with the "question" label

## License

By contributing, you agree that your contributions will be licensed under the MIT License.

---

**Thank you for contributing to making network operations easier!**
